hey guys what I'd like to do is bring up
Chris McGuire from adidas he is the
directors worst marketing and Chris was
a great partner in the development of
these legacy uniforms and you can tell
you a little bit about how the
approaches project
alright
thanks it's really an honor to be here
tonight and celebrate what I think it
was going to be the most highly
anticipated college football game for
the early part of the season you know we
Diaz we're in the unique position of
being partners of old schools and also
we have the heritage within the sport to
be able to tell the story like it needs
to be told you know Dave talked about
our relationship between the University
and either forward or very products
really just entering into our fourth
year it's moments like these that we
feel like we can really sell celebrate
our partnership I think was about a year
ago and I really want to give Dave
credit this is his baby right he put the
go division for what we'll see on
September town we sat down at what he
said about a year ago you kind of
outline what do you want to see happen
and you know it's exciting to be here
and seeds start to come to life
obviously still got for the game and
stuff of that nature but building these
uniforms has been one of proudest
moments that thing for our brand in a
long time you know we went through a lot
of dug deep into the history and all the
legacy and the tradition here at
Michigan and who's excited to catapult
pieces together and you see from the
uniform using that iconic block m and
the front really telling that story a
logo that probably you know I don't
think any of us in this room probably
ever saw in the field before because
from the early 1900's but even coming in
there with the shoulders with stripes
which was something that we found were
on similar jerseys in the late 1800s
Early 1900s too so that's why we like to
call the legacy and a point that out
earlier it's a legacy Jersey not a
throwback or something of that nature
that we're so accustomed to it really
celebrates 132 years of tradition and
excellence at Michigan football like I
said being able to tell the story
between michigan notre dame will also
have a similar-looking legacy uniform
just a certain look to where they'll be
wearing an old-school white-looking
uniform with to kelly green stripes on
the shoulders and is also being
introduced via the internet this evening
stuff will have a tomorrow morning we'll
have a great visual
uniforms I would like to add to
obviously our great partners at em done
you can go visit Devon mmm calm and
they'll be doing some pre orders on this
uniform which it will be delivered
hopefully on august first to our retail
partners but you can go ahead and pretty
order that and we'll be sure to get that
to you in plenty of time before the game
and also we you know Davis Polk there's
this is just the start of great three
months of anticipation will be doing a
lot of exciting things in conjunction
with the University on the adidas
football facebook page so please follow
all the exciting stuff there great
thanks again and before seen everyone on